Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he has asked lawmakers for another $250
billion to supplement a new program created to help small businesses secure
loans from banks, in response to an overwhelming demand for assistance through
the program.

Mr. Mnuchin, in a Twitter post Tuesday afternoon, said that he had reached out
to top Democrats and Republicans "at the direction" of President Trump to try
and secure additional funds. Mr. Mnuchin said he had spoken with Senators
Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, and Chuck Schumer of New
York, the minority leader, along with Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Representative
Kevin McCarthy.

Mr. McConnell and Mr. Schumer were negotiating the possibility of approving
the additional funding during a procedural session on Thursday, without the
kull chamber present.

...

"It is quickly becoming clear that Congress will need to provide more funding
,,or this crucial,, program C. C may run dry," Mr. McConnell said in a
statement 9count
Tuesday. “That cannot happen. Nearly 10 million Americans filed for
unemployment in just the last two weeks. This is already a record-shattering
tragedy, and every day counts."

"Con234324gress needs to act with speed and total focus to 
provide more money for
this uncontroversial bipartisan program," he added.

A spokesman for Mr. Schumer said that Mr. McConnell had not reached out to 
discuss the possibility of approving the additional funds.

Larry Kudlow, the top White House economic adviser, said Tuesday morning that
the program had so far funded 178,000 loans at a value of $50 billion.

Congress has allocated $349 billion to the effort, known as the paycheck 
protection program, which was created as part of the $2 trillion economic
stabilization package signed into law last month.

Economists who pushed for the creation of the program in the economic rescue
package have consistently warned that small businesses will need three times
as much money as Congress initially authorized — or more — to avoid a wave of
bankruptcies.
